annika patrick has already made history
by winning the pole position for the
Daytona 500
and now she's trying to enjoy the moment
before the pressure of running Sunday's
race rtv6 is the only local station in
Daytona this weekend sports director
Dave first with the lighter side of
Danica it's a week that's been as
intense as her young NASCAR career has
ever been but our sit down interview
just as personal which includes having a
lap over product placement are we
rolling on camera in the evening I like
to have a refreshing coca-cola zero
after my sports cast nothing refreshes
me more than Coke Zero it's actually all
smiles with us after winning pull the
great American race now the hard part
right getting back here to Victory Lane
on Sunday you're gonna say an interview
with you it's all happening fast as well
including media attention it tends to
happen in this sport no shoot I enjoyed
days that I was the fastest at Indy one
day on our Thursday yeah exactly I'm
like I get a check yeah so you know it's
um you know big tracks have big
followings and they create big media
votes the gold now keeping let's start
with winning how close are you for that
I really have no idea although with
traces like Daytona Talladega these big
Speedway races where luck plays a really
big part in it and we're I'm familiar
with the sort of you know high speed
chess match that's out there I think
there's a really good chance in I have a
fast car so it's gonna take time and
there will be plenty of it on Sunday 500
miles are staying out of trouble escape
you never know she's done it so far
after Daytona International Speedway a
first rtv6 quarters and Anna Guthrie was
the first woman to compete at the
Daytona 500
she finished 12th in 1977